yoyohoneysingh: I was on a world tour with Shah Rukh Bhai. I was in America.
Unknown: I came back from there.
yoyohoneysingh: I was running a big show on Star Plus.
yoyohoneysingh: Raw Star.
Unknown: I designed everything.
yoyohoneysingh: It took me 1.5 years.
yoyohoneysingh: From setup to everything.
yoyohoneysingh: Cast crew.
yoyohoneysingh: I mean, everything I designed in 1.5 years.
yoyohoneysingh: When it was happening, I thought, I am not able to do this.
yoyohoneysingh: I was getting wrong thoughts.
yoyohoneysingh: I was getting psychotic symptoms.
yoyohoneysingh: What were you thinking?
Unknown: In 60 seconds, there were 60 thoughts.
Unknown: And 60 different divisions.
yoyohoneysingh: Now I am touring India.
Unknown: I am touring India.
yoyohoneysingh: I have been to Chennai.
yoyohoneysingh: They are singing Punjabi songs.
Unknown: I told them there.
yoyohoneysingh: I said, I will say this.
yoyohoneysingh: I said this in Hyderabad.
Unknown: I said, we go to Europe.
yoyohoneysingh: German will not speak French.
yoyohoneysingh: French will not speak German.
yoyohoneysingh: Both see each other for a day.
yoyohoneysingh: But today, you are standing in South India.
Unknown: You are not a girl.
yoyohoneysingh: You are singing in brown.
yoyohoneysingh: I said, if India is one, then what can we do?
beerbiceps: Welcome to TRS, friends.
beerbiceps: Friends, in today's edgy, intense conversation,
beerbiceps: we will be accompanied by Yoyo Honey Singh.
beerbiceps: I promise you, a lot of his interviews have come online.
Unknown: But a podcast like this, which is so dark,
beerbiceps: you will only get on TRS.
beerbiceps: Not only dark, but also deep.
beerbiceps: Spiritual talks have also happened.
Unknown: Because this is TRS, friends.
beerbiceps: This look, this is styled by Agio.
beerbiceps: If you also want such styling, such fashion,
beerbiceps: then download Agio app today
beerbiceps: and style yourself immediately.
beerbiceps: Today, Honey Singh will teach us
beerbiceps: how to achieve it in style
beerbiceps: and how to think in style.
beerbiceps: The more depth they have,
beerbiceps: I think very few people know about that depth.
beerbiceps: And today we will get to know their reality through TRS.
beerbiceps: This is Yoyo Honey Singh on TRS.
Unknown: Yoyo Honey Singh
Unknown: Yoyo Honey Singh
beerbiceps: How are you, brother?
beerbiceps: Very good, brother.
beerbiceps: It feels so good that you are sitting in front of me.
beerbiceps: Thanks, brother. Thank you so much.
beerbiceps: I am feeling that the college me is dreaming right now.
yoyohoneysingh: Oh wow!
beerbiceps: How are you, brother?
yoyohoneysingh: Very good, brother.
Unknown: Okay.
beerbiceps: You have such a friendly vibe.
yoyohoneysingh: I am just your friend. I am your elder brother.
yoyohoneysingh: 100%.
yoyohoneysingh: From where you have come out, I have also come out from there.
Unknown: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: So those are the streets.
yoyohoneysingh: Those are the roads.
yoyohoneysingh: Those are the destinations.
yoyohoneysingh: What is the destination?
yoyohoneysingh: Death.
yoyohoneysingh: Death will happen.
yoyohoneysingh: But before that, we will reach the peak.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: Death will happen.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: But till then, we will do something
yoyohoneysingh: which people have not seen before.
yoyohoneysingh: Break down the peak a little bit.
Unknown: There is a lot to be done.
yoyohoneysingh: First of all, we have to do something that has not been done.
Unknown: Mount Everest cannot climb.
yoyohoneysingh: But the one who did it for the first time, his name was named.
Unknown: So, what is his name?
yoyohoneysingh: Neil Armstrong.
yoyohoneysingh: He cannot be made.
yoyohoneysingh: But he was made. His name was also named.
yoyohoneysingh: So something that has not been done before.
Unknown: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: It is just the beginning.
yoyohoneysingh: There was a lot of break in the middle.
yoyohoneysingh: But maybe it is because
yoyohoneysingh: the more you have to throw the arrow, the more you have to pull it back.
beerbiceps: Hmm.
yoyohoneysingh: So pull it back.
Unknown: The one who stayed for 7 years,
yoyohoneysingh: he has put the arrow more and made it stronger.
Unknown: So if it goes, it will go for a long time.
beerbiceps: Believe in God.
yoyohoneysingh: A lot.
beerbiceps: So why did God pull that arrow back?
yoyohoneysingh: Because then he stopped believing in God.
Unknown: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: In 2012, when I got success,
yoyohoneysingh: before that, I used to believe in God.
yoyohoneysingh: It was medium.
yoyohoneysingh: It was not a hardcore belief.
yoyohoneysingh: But yes, I used to thank God.
yoyohoneysingh: And I used to ask for a lot.
Unknown: I got it.
Unknown: When I got it,
yoyohoneysingh: I felt that
Unknown: I am God.
yoyohoneysingh: 2012, 2013, 2014.
yoyohoneysingh: I saw so much.
yoyohoneysingh: So much money, so much success, so much everything.
yoyohoneysingh: I stopped believing in God.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: After that, God made me understand
yoyohoneysingh: that I am God.
yoyohoneysingh: You are not.
yoyohoneysingh: Then I slowly came back to that side.
beerbiceps: How belief in God decreases or decreases?
yoyohoneysingh: Because of friends?
yoyohoneysingh: No, no, no.
yoyohoneysingh: It has gone inside on its own.
yoyohoneysingh: It is your life experiences on its own.
Unknown: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: And because of your circumstances.
Unknown: And when I was taught since childhood,
yoyohoneysingh: I used to play tabla in Kirtan.
Unknown: I was very devotional.
yoyohoneysingh: I was taught in six schools in Delhi.
yoyohoneysingh: So there was a Divinity subject.
yoyohoneysingh: Which was taught till 8th standard.
yoyohoneysingh: So in that,
yoyohoneysingh: Japji Sahib, our holy book,
yoyohoneysingh: used to be recited.
yoyohoneysingh: So I used to believe in that.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to read a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: In childhood,
yoyohoneysingh: there was a lot of Kirtan at home.
yoyohoneysingh: There was an atmosphere of Shabad Kirtan.
yoyohoneysingh: And everything was there.
yoyohoneysingh: But when I became young,
yoyohoneysingh: when I became young,
yoyohoneysingh: some desires arose.
yoyohoneysingh: And those desires were not being fulfilled.
Unknown: So a little belief in God decreased.
yoyohoneysingh: I saw my father.
Unknown: That father works so hard.
yoyohoneysingh: But he doesn't leave belief in God.
yoyohoneysingh: So I will also hold that belief.
yoyohoneysingh: Rest is all about hard work.
yoyohoneysingh: Which I learnt from him.
yoyohoneysingh: That hard work is very important.
yoyohoneysingh: So my father worked hard for six days.
yoyohoneysingh: He used to take us to Gurdwara on the seventh Sunday.
yoyohoneysingh: So that belief remained in my touch.
yoyohoneysingh: Then after that,
Unknown: when I became young,
Unknown: there was more focus in life.
yoyohoneysingh: Career, passion,
yoyohoneysingh: doing this and that.
yoyohoneysingh: So I moved away from God a little.
Unknown: And when
yoyohoneysingh: after working so hard,
yoyohoneysingh: when I got something,
yoyohoneysingh: I felt that I have done it.
Unknown: No one has done this.
Unknown: God has not done this.
yoyohoneysingh: Prayers have not done this.
yoyohoneysingh: I have done this.
yoyohoneysingh: I was like that.
Unknown: A lot.
yoyohoneysingh: A lot.
yoyohoneysingh: And when I came out of the illness,
yoyohoneysingh: when I came out of it,
yoyohoneysingh: from 2021,
yoyohoneysingh: then belief started that
Unknown: yes, no,
beerbiceps: there is a supreme power.
beerbiceps: But how did that belief enter your life again?
beerbiceps: How did it re-enter?
Unknown: Did something happen?
Unknown: I don't know.
beerbiceps: Gradually,
yoyohoneysingh: I started coming closer to God.
Unknown: And
yoyohoneysingh: I spent a lot of time alone.
yoyohoneysingh: I have said this in many interviews.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't come out of my house in 3.5 years.
yoyohoneysingh: And
yoyohoneysingh: in 1.5 years,
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't come out of my room.
yoyohoneysingh: And when I used to bathe,
yoyohoneysingh: I used to open the door and bathe.
yoyohoneysingh: I had so much fear inside me.
yoyohoneysingh: Bipolar disorder with psychotic symptoms
yoyohoneysingh: which was a problem.
yoyohoneysingh: Which is more due to dry intoxication
yoyohoneysingh: and drinking alcohol.
yoyohoneysingh: And due to lack of sleep.
Unknown: And
yoyohoneysingh: due to wrong lifestyle.
yoyohoneysingh: Dry intoxication means weed.
yoyohoneysingh: Yes.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to do a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: I was introduced in 2012.
yoyohoneysingh: I have done it for 2 years.
yoyohoneysingh: I have done it in extreme.
Unknown: Due to that,
yoyohoneysingh: my entire career has collapsed.
yoyohoneysingh: Everything.
Unknown: So
Unknown: the rest
yoyohoneysingh: I saw a lot in that darkness.
Unknown: I saw God,
yoyohoneysingh: I saw Satan.
yoyohoneysingh: Both of them spread their arms.
Unknown: Then
yoyohoneysingh: I chose God.
Unknown: You know,
beerbiceps: when I was in college,
beerbiceps: there were rumours that
beerbiceps: you were seen in a satanic church.
beerbiceps: Is it true?
beerbiceps: Yes, I went there.
beerbiceps: In a satanic church?
beerbiceps: In England.
beerbiceps: What happened there?
yoyohoneysingh: Do you know what happened?
Unknown: No.
yoyohoneysingh: I was in England.
Unknown: I was shooting.
yoyohoneysingh: So
yoyohoneysingh: a lady who knew a friend of mine
yoyohoneysingh: she told me
yoyohoneysingh: that you have to go somewhere with me.
Unknown: I said,
yoyohoneysingh: as you say.
yoyohoneysingh: Let's go after shooting.
Unknown: She said,
yoyohoneysingh: we have to go to eat food.
yoyohoneysingh: It will be of your choice.
yoyohoneysingh: There is a restaurant in Bangkok
yoyohoneysingh: which is called
yoyohoneysingh: Halsana.
yoyohoneysingh: It is a Pakistani restaurant.
yoyohoneysingh: I like their mint chicken very much.
yoyohoneysingh: Which I have been eating since 2007.
yoyohoneysingh: I am telling you this story of 2013.
yoyohoneysingh: The beginning of 2013.
yoyohoneysingh: I was in London.
yoyohoneysingh: I went there.
yoyohoneysingh: There was an Indian restaurant.
Unknown: For the first time
beerbiceps: I am saying this in front of a camera.
beerbiceps: Sorry, bro.
yoyohoneysingh: No, no.
Unknown: It is true.
Unknown: This is true.
yoyohoneysingh: So I went there.
yoyohoneysingh: The whole restaurant was empty.
yoyohoneysingh: There was a white bartender.
yoyohoneysingh: And
yoyohoneysingh: there was no waiter.
Unknown: That lady sat there.
Unknown: She started talking.
yoyohoneysingh: The order was not taken.
yoyohoneysingh: But the order came in front of me.
Unknown: And it was the same mint chicken
yoyohoneysingh: which I used to eat in Bangkok.
yoyohoneysingh: Her face looked like that.
Unknown: I said,
Unknown: what is this bro?
Unknown: This seems big.
Unknown: After asking my friends
yoyohoneysingh: it seems like
yoyohoneysingh: something like this
yoyohoneysingh: has been told
yoyohoneysingh: that I like it.
yoyohoneysingh: Arrange it here.
yoyohoneysingh: It looks the same.
yoyohoneysingh: I said,
Unknown: it was the same taste.
Unknown: I said,
Unknown: what is this?
yoyohoneysingh: She said,
Unknown: it is nothing.
yoyohoneysingh: I said,
Unknown: so?
yoyohoneysingh: She said,
yoyohoneysingh: shall we go upstairs?
yoyohoneysingh: There was a secret door.
yoyohoneysingh: There was a satanic church
Unknown: which was empty.
Unknown: There was a board outside.
yoyohoneysingh: I went there.
yoyohoneysingh: I was very excited.
yoyohoneysingh: Because I had stopped believing in God
yoyohoneysingh: since 2012.
yoyohoneysingh: I had not believed in the devil.
yoyohoneysingh: But I was very attracted to the devil.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to do devilish activities.
Unknown: I used to do drugs.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to do this.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to do that.
Unknown: I used to enjoy.
yoyohoneysingh: I was very attracted to that.
yoyohoneysingh: I was not scared of that.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to sit on the chairs
yoyohoneysingh: like a child
Unknown: and take photos.
yoyohoneysingh: The energy there was very different.
yoyohoneysingh: It was very strong.
Unknown: How was it?
yoyohoneysingh: It was very compressive.
Unknown: It was very compressive.
yoyohoneysingh: It was very compressive.
yoyohoneysingh: If you clap,
Unknown: there will be no reflection.
yoyohoneysingh: Heavy energies.
Unknown: Very much.
yoyohoneysingh: I understood that
Unknown: the work is serious.
yoyohoneysingh: She said,
yoyohoneysingh: what do you want to do in life?
Unknown: I said,
yoyohoneysingh: whatever I want to do,
Unknown: I will do.
yoyohoneysingh: Come to us.
yoyohoneysingh: We will get you everything.
yoyohoneysingh: Boys come there
yoyohoneysingh: with bigger plans.
yoyohoneysingh: Council sets.
Unknown: They will help them.
yoyohoneysingh: I understood that
Unknown: I don't want to do this.
yoyohoneysingh: But it is a good experience
Unknown: for an experience.
yoyohoneysingh: No one knows about this.
yoyohoneysingh: I posted the photo on Facebook
yoyohoneysingh: on the internet.
yoyohoneysingh: It was posted in an hour.
yoyohoneysingh: My media...
yoyohoneysingh: Rajbhai used to watch it
yoyohoneysingh: from Canada.
Unknown: He used to live in England.
yoyohoneysingh: He removed it.
yoyohoneysingh: He said,
Unknown: I will have to remove it.
yoyohoneysingh: He removed the photo.
yoyohoneysingh: I was holding
yoyohoneysingh: his stick.
yoyohoneysingh: He used to sit on the chair
yoyohoneysingh: where the masons used to sit.
beerbiceps: I went there.
beerbiceps: Nothing more happened.
yoyohoneysingh: Nothing more happened.
yoyohoneysingh: Because the rumours were that
beerbiceps: you made a deal with the devil
beerbiceps: because of which you got success.
yoyohoneysingh: I got excited after that.
yoyohoneysingh: I got very excited.
yoyohoneysingh: I started researching
yoyohoneysingh: about the alumni culture.
yoyohoneysingh: I got very inclined towards it.
yoyohoneysingh: Are famous people
yoyohoneysingh: into Illuminati culture?
Unknown: I don't know.
yoyohoneysingh: They say there is lots of speculation.
yoyohoneysingh: I don't know the truth.
Unknown: I don't know what it is.
yoyohoneysingh: But there is something.
yoyohoneysingh: It is strong.
yoyohoneysingh: If you look at it
yoyohoneysingh: at a big level,
yoyohoneysingh: at the top floor,
yoyohoneysingh: you can see its reflection.
beerbiceps: There must be something.
yoyohoneysingh: There must be some people.
yoyohoneysingh: You can see it.
yoyohoneysingh: You can see it in every way.
Unknown: In India?
Unknown: Worldwide.
yoyohoneysingh: In petroleum.
yoyohoneysingh: In pharmaceuticals.
yoyohoneysingh: In wars.
yoyohoneysingh: In entertainment.
yoyohoneysingh: In films.
Unknown: In paste.
yoyohoneysingh: In soap.
Unknown: You can see it everywhere.
yoyohoneysingh: If you want to see it.
yoyohoneysingh: Those people wanted you to...
yoyohoneysingh: I don't know what it was.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't ask again.
yoyohoneysingh: I got happy.
yoyohoneysingh: I said that it is right.
yoyohoneysingh: It is good.
Unknown: There is one thing.
yoyohoneysingh: Till then, I was defamed.
yoyohoneysingh: Very defamed.
Unknown: Despite being defamed,
yoyohoneysingh: I was successful and famous.
yoyohoneysingh: And people were loving me.
Unknown: It was a bad boy image.
yoyohoneysingh: At that time.
Unknown: So I said that
yoyohoneysingh: intellectual people
yoyohoneysingh: intellectual
yoyohoneysingh: so called intellectual
yoyohoneysingh: You know how much hypocrisy is there in India.
yoyohoneysingh: So the
Unknown: hypocrite intellectual Indians
Unknown: who
yoyohoneysingh: misogyny and double meaning
Unknown: and
yoyohoneysingh: spoiling culture
Unknown: and
yoyohoneysingh: promoting western culture
yoyohoneysingh: they all abuse me.
yoyohoneysingh: Which doesn't make much difference to me.
yoyohoneysingh: That there are many people who love me.
yoyohoneysingh: And I am successful.
yoyohoneysingh: If there was no success, it would have been different.
yoyohoneysingh: But they are not liking me.
yoyohoneysingh: So they are liking me.
yoyohoneysingh: They have attracted me a lot.
Unknown: They are loving me.
yoyohoneysingh: So they said come.
yoyohoneysingh: But I didn't go there.
yoyohoneysingh: Because somewhere there was a belief.
Unknown: The light that God had awakened in me.
Unknown: Devotion.
Unknown: For God.
yoyohoneysingh: In the middle Guru Nanak Ji stood up.
Unknown: Guru Nanak Dev Ji saved me.
yoyohoneysingh: I was about to die.
yoyohoneysingh: Death came to my house.
Unknown: My mother stood up.
Unknown: That phase was there.
yoyohoneysingh: My documentary is coming on Netflix.
yoyohoneysingh: This year.
yoyohoneysingh: In my illness and my career.
yoyohoneysingh: Because a lot happened against me.
yoyohoneysingh: A lot of statements.
yoyohoneysingh: A lot of protests.
yoyohoneysingh: A lot of court cases.
Unknown: When I came out of a Punjab industry.
Unknown: I was a music director.
yoyohoneysingh: Since 2007.
Unknown: 5 in fact.
Unknown: So singers used to pay me.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to make music for them.
yoyohoneysingh: And write songs.
Unknown: When I started singing.
yoyohoneysingh: So from one industry where I am coming.
yoyohoneysingh: They said this guy was our music director.
yoyohoneysingh: He will sing himself.
yoyohoneysingh: And the other industry where I was going.
yoyohoneysingh: Where I was being called.
yoyohoneysingh: Bollywood.
yoyohoneysingh: They said we have been playing here for 30 years.
Unknown: I never stood with him.
Unknown: I was holding him in my hand.
Unknown: So.
yoyohoneysingh: That passage.
yoyohoneysingh: And.
yoyohoneysingh: That outburst.
yoyohoneysingh: From the media.
yoyohoneysingh: Not from the people.
yoyohoneysingh: People never said anything against me.
yoyohoneysingh: If people used to say.
Unknown: I would have been hit.
yoyohoneysingh: Some conspiracy theorists.
yoyohoneysingh: Developed an image against me.
yoyohoneysingh: Developed a plan in the media.
yoyohoneysingh: I never gave any clarification.
yoyohoneysingh: I never gave any interviews.
yoyohoneysingh: Because in 5 slides.
yoyohoneysingh: They never said anything against me.
yoyohoneysingh: They never said anything against me.
beerbiceps: And podcasts didn't exist then.
yoyohoneysingh: And I said there will be a time.
Unknown: On one camera.
yoyohoneysingh: On one mic.
yoyohoneysingh: So Netflix came to me.
yoyohoneysingh: That we want to make a documentary.
yoyohoneysingh: Tell me in English or Hindi.
yoyohoneysingh: I said make it in Hindi.
yoyohoneysingh: I said I will ask you a question.
Unknown: Why do you want to make a documentary?
yoyohoneysingh: They said so much happened against you.
Unknown: But you never said anything.
Unknown: Why didn't you say anything?
Unknown: I said I will wait for this moment.
yoyohoneysingh: I will say now.
yoyohoneysingh: So I have said a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: It is a very interesting documentary.
Unknown: Actually people will know who I am.
yoyohoneysingh: I am not what people saw.
beerbiceps: God has given your soul.
Unknown: Such a strange journey.
beerbiceps: Such success.
beerbiceps: It happened with everyone.
beerbiceps: It happened at an extreme level.
yoyohoneysingh: It happened with everyone.
yoyohoneysingh: I am not comparing.
yoyohoneysingh: I am not equal.
Unknown: Shri Ram had to go to Banwas.
yoyohoneysingh: Even after going to Banwas.
Unknown: He was with Sita Ma.
yoyohoneysingh: And what Ravan did.
yoyohoneysingh: He had to fight a different war.
Unknown: I am not comparing myself.
yoyohoneysingh: With Mahapurush.
yoyohoneysingh: But if you see the history.
Unknown: Of the world.
yoyohoneysingh: For those who are different.
yoyohoneysingh: For those who have some blessings.
yoyohoneysingh: For those who have some blessings.
yoyohoneysingh: For those who can walk long.
yoyohoneysingh: For those who can walk long.
yoyohoneysingh: There is sea, mountains.
yoyohoneysingh: There is a smooth road.
beerbiceps: When you used to weed.
beerbiceps: Did you ever get high?
yoyohoneysingh: I used to get sleepy.
Unknown: I used to drink.
yoyohoneysingh: Because my mind used to go slow.
yoyohoneysingh: My nerves used to beat fast.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to do so much.
yoyohoneysingh: So much was happening.
yoyohoneysingh: I never used to sleep.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to eat.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to drink.
yoyohoneysingh: I never used to sleep.
yoyohoneysingh: So my main problem was.
Unknown: Because of sleeping disorder.
yoyohoneysingh: I was abused.
Unknown: Because of these toxic things.
yoyohoneysingh: Because of its blend.
yoyohoneysingh: I got such a crash.
yoyohoneysingh: That I thought nothing will happen.
beerbiceps: Take me home.
yoyohoneysingh: I was on a world tour with Shah Rukh.
Unknown: I was in America.
yoyohoneysingh: I came back from there.
Unknown: I had a big show on Star Plus.
yoyohoneysingh: I designed everything.
yoyohoneysingh: From setup to cast.
yoyohoneysingh: I designed everything in one and half year.
yoyohoneysingh: When it was happening.
yoyohoneysingh: I thought nothing is happening.
yoyohoneysingh: I was getting wrong thoughts.
yoyohoneysingh: Psychotic symptoms.
yoyohoneysingh: In 60 seconds.
yoyohoneysingh: There were 60 thoughts.
yoyohoneysingh: And 60 divisions.
yoyohoneysingh: Nothing is in your control.
yoyohoneysingh: What was the darkest thought?
yoyohoneysingh: That I will also die.
Unknown: I will sit on this show.
yoyohoneysingh: I will also die.
beerbiceps: Because of these things.
beerbiceps: Drug abuse, alcohol abuse.
beerbiceps: As in weed abuse.
Unknown: You became a sort of introvert.
beerbiceps: Complete introvert.
yoyohoneysingh: You stayed at home.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't become an introvert.
Unknown: I became a patient.
Unknown: You became a patient.
yoyohoneysingh: You became an introvert.
yoyohoneysingh: You stayed at home.
Unknown: I became a patient.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't understand my family.
yoyohoneysingh: Doctors took 3.5 years to understand my case.
yoyohoneysingh: Even after that.
yoyohoneysingh: 7 doctors in the world were unsuccessful.
yoyohoneysingh: I met a doctor in 2021.
Unknown: Dr. Rahul Marada.
yoyohoneysingh: The thing is.
Unknown: In our psychiatric science.
Unknown: There are many big names.
yoyohoneysingh: They treated me.
yoyohoneysingh: But this is nonsense.
yoyohoneysingh: They don't understand how to handle this.
yoyohoneysingh: My case was also very severe.
yoyohoneysingh: One doctor said.
yoyohoneysingh: Albert Einstein has this stage.
yoyohoneysingh: This is the stage.
yoyohoneysingh: No one used to talk to me.
Unknown: I didn't understand.
beerbiceps: Your career started as a music composer.
yoyohoneysingh: Yes.
beerbiceps: Did you hear tunes in this stage?
yoyohoneysingh: No.
beerbiceps: I didn't know music.
beerbiceps: Music was gone.
beerbiceps: I am sure.
beerbiceps: You believe that music is also a gift from God.
yoyohoneysingh: Yes.
yoyohoneysingh: We have a frequency.
yoyohoneysingh: On which every keyboard is tuned.
yoyohoneysingh: It is 440.
yoyohoneysingh: 440 is a sound tuning.
yoyohoneysingh: Science tells.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't listen to anyone.
yoyohoneysingh: I was a very wise person.
yoyohoneysingh: In my childhood.
yoyohoneysingh: Even in my youth.
Unknown: I was struggling in Punjab.
Unknown: They explained to me.
Unknown: What is 440?
Unknown: What is 440?
Unknown: It is the frequency of sound.
yoyohoneysingh: That is set by God.
Unknown: How did God set it?
Unknown: He said.
yoyohoneysingh: Do you know what sound it is?
Unknown: It is the sound of a stick spinning.
Unknown: I asked.
yoyohoneysingh: What is the sound?
yoyohoneysingh: It is the sound of earth spinning.
yoyohoneysingh: The sound of earth.
yoyohoneysingh: The frequency of 440.
yoyohoneysingh: That is related to music.
yoyohoneysingh: It is a natural.
Unknown: Super natural frequency.
yoyohoneysingh: Which you connect.
yoyohoneysingh: Higher dimension.
beerbiceps: Both are high dimension.
beerbiceps: Music also comes from that dimension.
beerbiceps: Especially the music that becomes successful.
yoyohoneysingh: It is not like that.
yoyohoneysingh: Every music.
yoyohoneysingh: You also have music in you.
Unknown: Ask why.
Unknown: Because you are talking to me in pitch.
yoyohoneysingh: You said every music.
Unknown: This is detuned.
Unknown: You are in tune.
yoyohoneysingh: Your musical.
yoyohoneysingh: Because you are divine and connected on 440.
Unknown: Resetted on 440.
yoyohoneysingh: This is you.
yoyohoneysingh: Your musical.
yoyohoneysingh: Not every person is silent.
Unknown: Every person is in tune.
yoyohoneysingh: Have you seen any person walk like this?
Unknown: Either fast or slow.
yoyohoneysingh: But in rhythm.
beerbiceps: So rhythm is in every person.
yoyohoneysingh: Sound is in every person.
Unknown: How are you now?
Unknown: I am much better now.
yoyohoneysingh: Since 2021.
yoyohoneysingh: Since my medication has changed.
yoyohoneysingh: There are some changes in my life.
yoyohoneysingh: Doctor has changed.
yoyohoneysingh: Magician.
Unknown: What changes?
beerbiceps: Personal changes.
beerbiceps: Changes in personal life.
beerbiceps: Habits?
yoyohoneysingh: No.
beerbiceps: Okay.
beerbiceps: This is our RGO presents.
beerbiceps: Super casual round.
beerbiceps: Ask me some questions.
beerbiceps: I will ask some tangential questions.
Unknown: So that as a podcaster.
beerbiceps: I know more about your heart.
beerbiceps: Are you ready honey?
Unknown: Yes.
beerbiceps: One misconception people have about.
beerbiceps: Yoyo Honey Singh.
yoyohoneysingh: That I am Yoyo Honey Singh.
Unknown: Okay.
Unknown: What is there in Hirdesh's personality.
beerbiceps: That is not in Yoyo Honey Singh's personality.
beerbiceps: Simple.
Unknown: Okay.
Unknown: Okay.
beerbiceps: Is Hirdesh.
beerbiceps: A good guy trying to be bad.
Unknown: Or a bad guy trying to be good.
Unknown: He is a very bad guy.
beerbiceps: Trying to be good.
Unknown: No. Not trying anything.
yoyohoneysingh: Not trying anything.
yoyohoneysingh: I never tried to be something.
yoyohoneysingh: I never ever tried to be Yoyo Honey Singh.
Unknown: I wanted it.
yoyohoneysingh: Two different things.
Unknown: Trying to be and wanted.
yoyohoneysingh: I am not trying to be anybody.
yoyohoneysingh: I am just a bad boy.
beerbiceps: You think you are a bad guy?
Unknown: Very bad guy.
beerbiceps: If clothes are an offshoot of your personality.
beerbiceps: Offshoot means?
beerbiceps: Means a representation of your personality.
beerbiceps: The personality inside.
beerbiceps: The outside world sees through your clothes.
beerbiceps: Okay.
beerbiceps: If clothes are an offshoot of your personality.
Unknown: According to this.
Unknown: What is Yoyo Honey Singh's favorite outfit?
beerbiceps: Full of diamonds.
beerbiceps: Shoes.
Unknown: Not made yet.
Unknown: Top to bottom.
Unknown: Okay. Cool.
beerbiceps: What is your favorite pair of shoes?
Unknown: And why?
beerbiceps: Out of all the shoes you have ever owned.
Unknown: Up till childhood.
Unknown: Punjabi shoes.
yoyohoneysingh: Khussa.
yoyohoneysingh: Golden thread.
yoyohoneysingh: Not real gold.
Unknown: Definitely I will get a real gold one day.
yoyohoneysingh: I like Khussa a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to wear it in Mumbai.
yoyohoneysingh: My Rajasthani friends used to wear it.
yoyohoneysingh: They used to call it Mojdi.
beerbiceps: They call it Mojdi.
beerbiceps: I like that a lot.
beerbiceps: What do you think after hearing these words?
Unknown: Money.
Unknown: Everything.
Unknown: Songs.
yoyohoneysingh: Life.
yoyohoneysingh: Sex.
Unknown: Oh man I love it.
beerbiceps: Weed.
Unknown: Me.
Unknown: Success.
Unknown: Disloyalty.
Unknown: Humility.
beerbiceps: Humility means?
Unknown: Humility.
Unknown: Down to earth.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay. Medium.
Unknown: Okay.
Unknown: Bollywood.
Unknown: Bollywood.
Unknown: Maya Nagari.
yoyohoneysingh: Maya Nagari.
yoyohoneysingh: Illusion.
beerbiceps: Share one truth
beerbiceps: and one lie.
beerbiceps: One truth and one lie.
Unknown: About God.
Unknown: About God.
Unknown: Lies.
yoyohoneysingh: First the truth about God.
Unknown: That he is everywhere.
yoyohoneysingh: And
yoyohoneysingh: Lies.
yoyohoneysingh: I don't know if it can be controversial.
Unknown: That God is
yoyohoneysingh: in Mandir, Gurudwara,
Unknown: Church and Masjid.
yoyohoneysingh: This is a lie.
beerbiceps: Basically
beerbiceps: you are trying to say that God is everywhere.
beerbiceps: Not just one place.
beerbiceps: Even in Satanic Church.
beerbiceps: God is not there.
yoyohoneysingh: Except
yoyohoneysingh: that place.
yoyohoneysingh: Really?
Unknown: That is a different place.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't feel that earth.
Unknown: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: Honey Singh's favourite perfume and why?
yoyohoneysingh: Tobacco.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: Christian Dior.
yoyohoneysingh: Because it is a little bold.
yoyohoneysingh: Yes it is bold and a little
yoyohoneysingh: woody and tobacco.
yoyohoneysingh: No but psychologically why?
yoyohoneysingh: Warm.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
yoyohoneysingh: Like European perfumes
yoyohoneysingh: they are very cool.
yoyohoneysingh: They are very warm.
yoyohoneysingh: And they keep you very warm.
yoyohoneysingh: Okay.
beerbiceps: You feel comfort from inside.
Unknown: Not comfort but warmth.
yoyohoneysingh: You get warmth from it.
yoyohoneysingh: Even girls like it.
beerbiceps: Cool.
Unknown: Okay.
Unknown: What is lacking in these things?
Unknown: Mumbai.
beerbiceps: Mumbai?
Unknown: What is lacking in Mumbai?
Unknown: Nothing. Everything is good.
Unknown: Punjab.
Unknown: Now
yoyohoneysingh: let's talk about today.
yoyohoneysingh: Punjab was not there when I was living there.
Unknown: In your heart?
beerbiceps: Peace.
Unknown: There is no peace. Not even now.
yoyohoneysingh: In success?
yoyohoneysingh: Something is lacking.
Unknown: If
yoyohoneysingh: in success
Unknown: something is lacking that
Unknown: it is good
yoyohoneysingh: I accept it.
yoyohoneysingh: According to me it is okay. But for someone else
yoyohoneysingh: my younger brother like you
Unknown: my younger brother
yoyohoneysingh: he is doing this work. Podcasting.
yoyohoneysingh: Doing everything in media.
Unknown: I want my brother to be successful.
yoyohoneysingh: Do you know one thing?
yoyohoneysingh: He will break you a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: He will make you cry a lot.
Unknown: He will show you many failures.
yoyohoneysingh: So if I see from the point of view of younger brother
beerbiceps: it is lacking.
yoyohoneysingh: But if I see from my side, it is good.
yoyohoneysingh: And success.
yoyohoneysingh: Don't blame yourself.
yoyohoneysingh: My sister lives in Australia.
yoyohoneysingh: She wants to do a job there.
yoyohoneysingh: So I think
Unknown: everything is good for him.
yoyohoneysingh: The difficulties I had to face
Unknown: I will face.
beerbiceps: You are talking too deep.
yoyohoneysingh: Anyway, next.
beerbiceps: I am right.
beerbiceps: I am loving doing this podcast with you.
beerbiceps: Thank you. Same here brother.
Unknown: It is something new.
beerbiceps: What is lacking in love?
Unknown: There is no lack in love.
beerbiceps: Love is complete.
Unknown: Should I tell you about that too?
Unknown: About mother.
beerbiceps: Maybe if I ask you
beerbiceps: what is lacking in romance?
Unknown: Maybe mother's love.
Unknown: This is also a thing.
beerbiceps: We will use this Bollywood movie too.
beerbiceps: We will claim it.
beerbiceps: What is lacking in modern Indian music?
Unknown: There is no lack.
beerbiceps: That is why it is modern.
beerbiceps: If you can teach your children
beerbiceps: just one human value in your life
beerbiceps: then what will be the human value?
beerbiceps: Respecting your parents.
beerbiceps: Strangest habit of Honey Singh.
Unknown: Tell me something weird.
Unknown: I am a very weird person.
Unknown: Those who live with me
yoyohoneysingh: I am a very difficult person.
Unknown: To live with.
Unknown: Very much.
Unknown: I am very unsuccessful in love.
yoyohoneysingh: I wrote a poem yesterday.
yoyohoneysingh: Your platform is very good.
Unknown: I wrote a poem yesterday.
Unknown: May there be victory everywhere.
Unknown: May there be victory everywhere.
yoyohoneysingh: Everything is out in the world.
yoyohoneysingh: Money.
yoyohoneysingh: Everything is coming back.
yoyohoneysingh: May there be victory everywhere.
yoyohoneysingh: There will be defeat.
yoyohoneysingh: Have courage.
Unknown: Love.
yoyohoneysingh: Your life will be great.
yoyohoneysingh: I am unsuccessful in love.
yoyohoneysingh: Because of me.
Unknown: I am very difficult.
yoyohoneysingh: Very difficult person to live with.
Unknown: No one can live with me.
beerbiceps: The same.
Unknown: Uparan has given everything but not love.
beerbiceps: He has given a lot of love.
yoyohoneysingh: He has given a lot of romance.
beerbiceps: He has not given love.
beerbiceps: There is no other word for love.
beerbiceps: Do you want to get married?
yoyohoneysingh: I had already got married once.
yoyohoneysingh: I got separated from my wife.
yoyohoneysingh: I won't do it again.
Unknown: But my parents are telling me to do it.
beerbiceps: But you are a lover.
yoyohoneysingh: I am a lover.
beerbiceps: Every Punjabi boy is a lover.
beerbiceps: In some very core level.
beerbiceps: In some very core level.
beerbiceps: If you meet Hirdesh of 22 years.
beerbiceps: What will you tell him?
Unknown: He knows everything.
Unknown: He knows.
Unknown: Hirdesh of 22 years knows everything.
yoyohoneysingh: He won an award.
yoyohoneysingh: Best Sound Engineering.
Unknown: He had a song.
yoyohoneysingh: Khadke Kalaasi Tere Naate.
yoyohoneysingh: In 2005.
Unknown: He knows everything.
beerbiceps: If Hirdesh.
beerbiceps: The current Hirdesh.
beerbiceps: Becomes the PM of the country for one year.
beerbiceps: What change will he bring?
beerbiceps: What change will he bring?
beerbiceps: In our country.
yoyohoneysingh: Somehow secularism will come back.
yoyohoneysingh: In a stronger way.
yoyohoneysingh: Anything else?
yoyohoneysingh: Because our Maharaj Ranjit Singh.
Unknown: Of Punjab.
yoyohoneysingh: Who ran the Sikh Empire for a long time.
Unknown: People know very little.
yoyohoneysingh: People think that it was the Sikh Empire.
yoyohoneysingh: If it was the Empire.
yoyohoneysingh: The majority of Sikhs.
yoyohoneysingh: Sikhs were only 18% at his rule.
yoyohoneysingh: They were secular people of multiple cultures.
yoyohoneysingh: Every temple, religion.
yoyohoneysingh: Gurudwara.
yoyohoneysingh: Girija Ghar.
yoyohoneysingh: Masjids were made in Punjab at that time.
yoyohoneysingh: Not even in Punjab.
Unknown: They had a very big providence.
yoyohoneysingh: I will try to do something similar.
yoyohoneysingh: You can do it with your music.
Unknown: They do it.
yoyohoneysingh: When I was touring India.
yoyohoneysingh: I went to Chennai.
Unknown: They were singing a Punjabi song.
yoyohoneysingh: I told them.
yoyohoneysingh: I said this in Hyderabad.
Unknown: I said we go to Europe.
Unknown: German will not speak French.
yoyohoneysingh: French will not speak German.
yoyohoneysingh: Both see each other.
yoyohoneysingh: But today you are singing in South India.
yoyohoneysingh: You are not a girl.
yoyohoneysingh: If we are one.
Unknown: What can we do?
Unknown: Complete the following sentences.
beerbiceps: The biggest fear is?
Unknown: Death.
beerbiceps: Honey Singh looks sexiest in?
beerbiceps: As in?
beerbiceps: In what?
beerbiceps: In suits.
Unknown: Pain is dash.
beerbiceps: Pain is pleasure.
beerbiceps: Pleasure.
beerbiceps: Rap is dash.
Unknown: Rap is
yoyohoneysingh: nonsense.
yoyohoneysingh: What is the full form of rap?
yoyohoneysingh: Javed Jafri made it.
yoyohoneysingh: Don't worry.
yoyohoneysingh: I will say what you are worried about.
Unknown: For me.
yoyohoneysingh: Javed Jafri has heard.
Unknown: He said in his interview.
yoyohoneysingh: Rap means.
yoyohoneysingh: Don't worry.
Unknown: Rap is nonsense.
beerbiceps: 5 Indian musicians.
yoyohoneysingh: A R Rahman.
yoyohoneysingh: Apache Indian Sir.
Unknown: Amar Singh Chamkeela.
Unknown: Kuldeep Manak.
Unknown: And.
Unknown: Sevamani.
beerbiceps: To improve the modern rap scenario.
beerbiceps: 4 tips.
Unknown: According to Honey Singh.
Unknown: This is something different.
yoyohoneysingh: This is happening now.
yoyohoneysingh: There is a lot of debate on this.
yoyohoneysingh: It will be a long chapter.
yoyohoneysingh: Because I.
yoyohoneysingh: Started making beats from 2003.
yoyohoneysingh: The boys who used to rap in English.
yoyohoneysingh: Were from Goa.
yoyohoneysingh: They used to rap in English.
yoyohoneysingh: I started making beats for them.
Unknown: In 2003-04.
yoyohoneysingh: Before that.
Unknown: I was a music journalist of hip hop.
yoyohoneysingh: I used to listen to hip hop as a journalist.
Unknown: I used to open the layer of each beat.
yoyohoneysingh: What is played.
yoyohoneysingh: What is the tempo.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't have the sense of music.
yoyohoneysingh: I was a music journalist.
yoyohoneysingh: I wanted to make these beats.
yoyohoneysingh: I want to do this.
yoyohoneysingh: So as a music producer.
yoyohoneysingh: Singer, rapper, writer.
yoyohoneysingh: If you ask Honey Singh.
yoyohoneysingh: About the rap that is happening now.
yoyohoneysingh: I can't say anything.
yoyohoneysingh: Because I am a struggling artist.
yoyohoneysingh: But as a music journalist.
yoyohoneysingh: If you ask me about hip hop.
yoyohoneysingh: It will be a big chapter.
beerbiceps: It will be a podcast.
beerbiceps: Your least favorite abuse.
yoyohoneysingh: Least favorite abuse.
yoyohoneysingh: My mom used to tell me.
yoyohoneysingh: Don't abuse in a podcast.
yoyohoneysingh: Least favorite is this dog.
beerbiceps: The basic abuse.
beerbiceps: It will be average.
beerbiceps: But that least favorite.
beerbiceps: It is close to every Indian's heart.
yoyohoneysingh: Action is different.
yoyohoneysingh: My mom will scold me.
yoyohoneysingh: She will see.
yoyohoneysingh: She will say.
Unknown: Okay.
beerbiceps: Last question of this round.
Unknown: Keep it casual.
beerbiceps: Honey Singh.
Unknown: Favorite thing about yourself.
yoyohoneysingh: Favorite thing about myself.
Unknown: That I am very.
Unknown: Very romantic.
beerbiceps: Very very.
beerbiceps: And from that romance.
yoyohoneysingh: Songs come out.
yoyohoneysingh: I am romantic about everything.
Unknown: I am romantic about every situation.
yoyohoneysingh: I am not doing romance.
yoyohoneysingh: I am doing romance with my lover.
yoyohoneysingh: I am doing romance with my life.
yoyohoneysingh: I am doing romance with God.
yoyohoneysingh: He teases me.
Unknown: I tease him.
yoyohoneysingh: He says something to me.
yoyohoneysingh: I say something to him.
yoyohoneysingh: He asks me something.
Unknown: I ask him something.
Unknown: What does God ask you?
Unknown: Honesty.
Unknown: I have honesty.
yoyohoneysingh: Love me with honesty.
beerbiceps: I cheat and love.
yoyohoneysingh: It fades out.
Unknown: But now it is very strong.
yoyohoneysingh: From 2021 till now it is very strong.
yoyohoneysingh: I am a devotee of Bhole Baba.
yoyohoneysingh: I believe in Guru Gobind Singh and Guru Nanak Dev Ji.
yoyohoneysingh: I believe in all religions.
yoyohoneysingh: But I have a connection with Bhole Baba.
yoyohoneysingh: Why?
Unknown: I don't know.
yoyohoneysingh: I feel that
Unknown: He
Unknown: All gods
yoyohoneysingh: All gods and goddesses
yoyohoneysingh: He went through a lot.
Unknown: I mean
Unknown: He is very prime.
yoyohoneysingh: And how many other gods
yoyohoneysingh: worshiped him.
yoyohoneysingh: How many saints worshiped him.
Unknown: He is a different personality.
yoyohoneysingh: He has a different power.
Unknown: He is a destroyer.
Unknown: He is not in
yoyohoneysingh: pleasure.
Unknown: His idol is placed
Unknown: on the graveyard.
Unknown: There is a snake in his throat.
yoyohoneysingh: He is a sadhu. He is a malang.
Unknown: There are not as many
yoyohoneysingh: preachings as
yoyohoneysingh: I have tried to research.
yoyohoneysingh: There are not as many preachings
yoyohoneysingh: of Bhole Baba as
yoyohoneysingh: you can see and concentrate.
Unknown: I don't feel
yoyohoneysingh: that I have less knowledge.
Unknown: I don't know.
yoyohoneysingh: There is Gita, Ramayana.
yoyohoneysingh: There are different Vedas.
yoyohoneysingh: I feel that
yoyohoneysingh: other gods
yoyohoneysingh: have more influences.
yoyohoneysingh: There is a lot of work of Bhole Baba.
yoyohoneysingh: Bhole Baba is so complete
yoyohoneysingh: that
Unknown: you can see and concentrate.
Unknown: Do you do
yoyohoneysingh: for music?
yoyohoneysingh: No, for myself.
Unknown: For peace.
beerbiceps: I have done 500 podcasts.
Unknown: I have learnt a lot.
Unknown: In Sanskrit, there is a word ishtadev.
beerbiceps: It means your own personal god.
beerbiceps: What you are saying is
yoyohoneysingh: basically your ishtadev.
beerbiceps: Every soul has its own ishtadev.
yoyohoneysingh: Do you know how to choose?
beerbiceps: It is based on what your soul needs
Unknown: at that moment.
beerbiceps: They say that
beerbiceps: those who are drawn from Bhole Baba
Unknown: are actually
Unknown: in love with
beerbiceps: spirituality.
beerbiceps: If you pray to Bhole Baba
beerbiceps: he will give you
beerbiceps: your material gifts so that you
beerbiceps: can move towards spirituality faster.
beerbiceps: Do you believe?
Unknown: I didn't know.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't know about this.
yoyohoneysingh: I don't
yoyohoneysingh: meditate for material gifts.
yoyohoneysingh: I mostly meditate for
yoyohoneysingh: Bhole Baba's power and peace.
yoyohoneysingh: Love is also a material gift.
beerbiceps: Love is also a material gift.
beerbiceps: There is no
beerbiceps: emotion.
beerbiceps: You are getting pleasure.
beerbiceps: Spiritual things are beyond that.
beerbiceps: Yes, they are different.
yoyohoneysingh: They are different.
beerbiceps: What are your future plans?
Unknown: I have told you
yoyohoneysingh: in the beginning
yoyohoneysingh: that I will do
yoyohoneysingh: whatever I want to do.
yoyohoneysingh: Bhole Baba says that I have been like this since my childhood.
Unknown: I do what I want to do.
Unknown: I did what I wanted to do.
Unknown: I didn't do what I didn't want to do.
yoyohoneysingh: I make a lot of plans in life.
yoyohoneysingh: I make 10 plans.
yoyohoneysingh: This happens with me.
yoyohoneysingh: I dream big.
Unknown: I have been dreaming
yoyohoneysingh: bigger dreams.
yoyohoneysingh: If I tell you now, you might laugh.
yoyohoneysingh: But I will do that in 10 years.
Unknown: In 12 years, in 15 years.
beerbiceps: This person came to me.
Unknown: He did it.
Unknown: I make a lot of plans.
Unknown: I make 10 plans.
yoyohoneysingh: I work on 3.
yoyohoneysingh: I work with so much focus that I don't see anything else.
Unknown: 3 goes.
yoyohoneysingh: Next 7 stops.
yoyohoneysingh: After that, the next 3 come
yoyohoneysingh: what I thought for next year.
Unknown: They come to me.
yoyohoneysingh: What are you doing?
yoyohoneysingh: I wanted to do this next year.
yoyohoneysingh: Bollywood came to me.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't go to Bollywood.
yoyohoneysingh: They came to me.
yoyohoneysingh: Shivji pushed them towards you.
yoyohoneysingh: I made a song on Bhole Baba.
yoyohoneysingh: It was made on Shivratri in 2013.
Unknown: The song is called Jhoom.
Unknown: It is a great song.
Unknown: I will release it soon.
yoyohoneysingh: on Shivratri.
yoyohoneysingh: Do you make more songs like this?
yoyohoneysingh: I made one.
yoyohoneysingh: I wrote a poem.
yoyohoneysingh: I made 52 songs.
yoyohoneysingh: I will tell you.
yoyohoneysingh: I came to you regarding this album.
Unknown: Honey 3.0.
yoyohoneysingh: I designed this album in September.
yoyohoneysingh: Before that, I was drinking alcohol.
yoyohoneysingh: Not much.
yoyohoneysingh: I didn't feel like doing anything.
yoyohoneysingh: I was doing shows.
yoyohoneysingh: I was earning money.
yoyohoneysingh: A Brahmin told me.
yoyohoneysingh: You go to Ganga.
yoyohoneysingh: I said I will go.
yoyohoneysingh: He told me in February.
yoyohoneysingh: I went to America.
yoyohoneysingh: I drank alcohol from America.
yoyohoneysingh: I came back from there.
Unknown: I went to Ganga.
yoyohoneysingh: I took a bath.
yoyohoneysingh: I did puja.
yoyohoneysingh: That Brahmin did it.
Unknown: I came back.
Unknown: I threw away all the bottles from the studio.
Unknown: I said no one will drink alcohol.
yoyohoneysingh: We will work.
yoyohoneysingh: I started making songs.
yoyohoneysingh: I started making songs.
yoyohoneysingh: I started making songs.
yoyohoneysingh: I made 52 songs.
yoyohoneysingh: In September and October.
yoyohoneysingh: I have spiritual songs.
yoyohoneysingh: I have 3-4 more.
Unknown: I have a song.
Unknown: It is about alcohol.
yoyohoneysingh: I have heard it from many people.
yoyohoneysingh: I have heard it from very good people.
yoyohoneysingh: We get a spiritual vibe.
yoyohoneysingh: I have a song called Manali trance.
beerbiceps: I have spiritual songs.
Unknown: Tell us about your next song.
Unknown: It is called Nagan.
yoyohoneysingh: It has Punjabi singer.
yoyohoneysingh: I have heard him a lot.
yoyohoneysingh: I started listening to them lyrically and their vocal texture is very different
yoyohoneysingh: So when I was releasing my first songs 10 years ago
yoyohoneysingh: Like Brown Rung, Blue Eyes, Desi Kala Kaar
yoyohoneysingh: They were all western melodies
Unknown: So this time I am doing something different
yoyohoneysingh: I am using folk texture
yoyohoneysingh: But the beat is hip hop
yoyohoneysingh: And I shot the video in Mexico
yoyohoneysingh: With bloody 50 girls in bikini
yoyohoneysingh: It's a total contrast
yoyohoneysingh: People will say what did this man do
yoyohoneysingh: What was the need to do all this
yoyohoneysingh: But I was seeing the same visual
yoyohoneysingh: That I will give this visual
yoyohoneysingh: And there will be different colors
yoyohoneysingh: And there will be too much glamour
yoyohoneysingh: Too much skin show
yoyohoneysingh: And I will present it like this
yoyohoneysingh: You are a very blessed person
beerbiceps: So many ideas come from the front
beerbiceps: Circumstances come from the front
beerbiceps: But your soul did something
beerbiceps: Maybe in your last birth
yoyohoneysingh: This is the answer to my documentary
yoyohoneysingh: I know what my soul did in the last 5 births
yoyohoneysingh: Did you do any regression therapy
yoyohoneysingh: No therapy
yoyohoneysingh: I have my own belief
Unknown: I am very strong
Unknown: In my documentary
Unknown: I have told things on this finger
yoyohoneysingh: Do watch it
yoyohoneysingh: Definitely
beerbiceps: What is your spirituality
yoyohoneysingh: What is my spirituality
beerbiceps: What is the meaning of spirituality for you
beerbiceps: Music and love
beerbiceps: In the end, honey
Unknown: I want to ask you one question
beerbiceps: Tell me about the most beautiful moment
Unknown: In your life
beerbiceps: The most beautiful moment
Unknown: When my sister got married
Unknown: Why
yoyohoneysingh: Because she
yoyohoneysingh: When I shifted to Punjab in 2007
yoyohoneysingh: She was studying in college
Unknown: Ok
yoyohoneysingh: And
yoyohoneysingh: I was in Punjab till 12
Unknown: I was working there
Unknown: I used to come home on Saturday and Sunday
Unknown: Delhi
Unknown: And
yoyohoneysingh: In 12,13,14 I became a star
yoyohoneysingh: I earned a lot of money
Unknown: I was touring a lot
yoyohoneysingh: In 14 everything crashed
yoyohoneysingh: When I reached home, my parents
yoyohoneysingh: And my sister
yoyohoneysingh: I said I did not give them time
Unknown: Now that I am back with them
yoyohoneysingh: And after that
yoyohoneysingh: It was not getting better
yoyohoneysingh: But I used to tell everyone
yoyohoneysingh: Get her married
yoyohoneysingh: When you get better
Unknown: Then I will go
yoyohoneysingh: So
yoyohoneysingh: I still remember when she got married
Unknown: I was not ok
Unknown: I used to get symptoms
yoyohoneysingh: But it was a dream of mine
yoyohoneysingh: That my sister got married
yoyohoneysingh: Which ruined my youth
Unknown: For me
yoyohoneysingh: I waited
yoyohoneysingh: For a lover
yoyohoneysingh: For a brother
Unknown: That this will be ok
Unknown: So that was a beautiful moment
beerbiceps: I want to tell you that
yoyohoneysingh: A movie should be made in life
yoyohoneysingh: Will it be made by Martin Scorsky or Ridley Scott
Unknown: And in English
beerbiceps: I used to know you as a musician
beerbiceps: I used to know you as a media personality
beerbiceps: I am very happy to know you as a human
Unknown: To be honest
beerbiceps: This is not exactly a podcast
beerbiceps: Because
beerbiceps: Podcasts are very stretched out
Unknown: I want to know about you
beerbiceps: But I understand that you have a documentary
Unknown: After that documentary
yoyohoneysingh: We will sit after that
yoyohoneysingh: We will do a podcast
yoyohoneysingh: During that documentary
Unknown: Ok
beerbiceps: I am happy to
beerbiceps: But
beerbiceps: You have seen a lot in your life
beerbiceps: And I pray to Bholenath
beerbiceps: That this is just your beginning
beerbiceps: And I am sure you feel that yourself
yoyohoneysingh: I got 30%
beerbiceps: There is 70% left
beerbiceps: 70%
beerbiceps: I wish you all the luck
beerbiceps: I will let you go
Unknown: From our team
Unknown: We have a gift for you
beerbiceps: I hurt my hand
yoyohoneysingh: I can't give it to you myself
Unknown: This is on behalf of team TRS and team NGO
beerbiceps: This is not just material gifts
beerbiceps: I know even you don't like accepting gifts
beerbiceps: I am the same type
beerbiceps: I feel very strange
beerbiceps: But just accept that it is brother's love
yoyohoneysingh: We will keep it in the studio
beerbiceps: Will you come to Delhi with me
beerbiceps: Without a camera
yoyohoneysingh: We have a lot to talk
yoyohoneysingh: We will see
Unknown: I will show you
yoyohoneysingh: I will make you feel something
yoyohoneysingh: Because they can't make everyone feel
yoyohoneysingh: They can make everyone feel what they can
beerbiceps: I understand
beerbiceps: It was very nice to talk to you
beerbiceps: I wish you all the luck
beerbiceps: Thank you brother
Unknown: God bless you
beerbiceps: So friends this was today's podcast
beerbiceps: The day this episode was recorded
beerbiceps: That day honey brother was a little
Unknown: In a hurry
beerbiceps: Which is why we couldn't talk for long
beerbiceps: I feel that Yoyo Honey Singh
beerbiceps: Will come back to TRS
Unknown: Hirdesh brother will come back to TRS
beerbiceps: Will tell you a lot
beerbiceps: In that podcast
Unknown: So definitely wait for it
beerbiceps: After talking to some people
beerbiceps: You will know how open
beerbiceps: How honest
Unknown: That's what struck me
Unknown: About Yoyo Honey Singh
Unknown: A lot of questions to ask
beerbiceps: So friends according to me
Unknown: This is not a pure podcast
beerbiceps: It was an interview style conversation
Unknown: But the round
beerbiceps: Ajayopresents keep it casual round
beerbiceps: In that I saw the reality of this person
beerbiceps: I got to know about his heart
beerbiceps: I am sure you also got to know
beerbiceps: There is lots more he has to offer
beerbiceps: Friends this look
beerbiceps: This is styled by Ajayopresents
beerbiceps: If you want to do the same styling
beerbiceps: Please download the Ajayopresents app
beerbiceps: Begin shopping now
beerbiceps: Your brother Ranveer
beerbiceps: Will come back to TRS
beerbiceps: To bring you more deep conversations
beerbiceps: Hopefully very soon
beerbiceps: With your brother Yoyo Honey Singh
beerbiceps: Thank you
